[BOP-1429] Add telemetry information about k0s (#157)
Mirantis/mke-docs: content/docs/configuration/telemetry.md

helps product teams in their efforts to enhance Mirantis products and
services.

> {{< callout type="info" >}}
>     Enabling or disabling telemetry in MKE automatically applies the setting
>     to the k0s configuration. 
> {{< /callout >}}
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< callout type="info" >}}
    The MKE 4 telemetry enablement setting is automatically applied to the k0s configuration. 
{{< /callout >}}

```

Reviewer: @RaunakShah, I think this Info directive should come after the existing Info directive, so that it presents just above the *Enable telemetry through the MKE CLI* heading.
